Goldilocks and the three bears. Goldilocks wanted to sit down because she was tired.
First, she tried the big chair, but it wasn't very comfortable. Then she tried the middle chair.
It was not comfortable either. Finally, she tried the small chair.
It was nice and comfortable, but Goldilocks was very heavy, and soon the chair was in pieces.
She walked into the bedroom. There were three beds. She didn't like the middle bed or the big bed.
The small bed was very comfortable. Very soon she was asleep in it.
The three bears returned. They looked at the bowls and the chairs. Baby bear cried.
There's nothing in my bowl, and my chair is in pieces.
He wasn't very happy.
Next, the bears looked in their bedroom. They didn't notice Goldilocks at first.
Then Baby bear pointed at the little girl in his bed and shouted,
Look, there's the bad girl. Goldilocks opened her eyes. The three bears were all around her.
Goldilocks jumped out of bed and hurried out of the house without her basket.
She didn't go for a walk in the forest again.